- [Instructor] JMS is become the glue
for providing stable communications between
various microservice applications.
Spring integration and Spring JMS are chief API's
among many for answering this need.
Spring is known as the premier API framework
for developing Java applications in enterprise environments.
Learn the basics of Spring JMS in
connecting to, sending, and consuming messages.
Also learn how to use Spring's JMS message convertors,
or how to create your own.
I'll show you the best practices for configuring
connections and pooling.
I'll do this while creating a simple application
that sends messages between a storefront app
and warehouse using JSON formatted messages.
I'll cover highly important topics like
how to achieve transaction management and how to
safely handle message failures.
Learn how to implement various response management
strategies, like configuring dynamic destinations.
Additionally, I'll cover creating and using custom
JMS header properties.
My name is Michael Rodgers, and I am a software engineer
with over 11 years of Java development experience.
Join me in learning Spring JMS.